Update version-5.3.md (#4348)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-dashboard/release-notes/version-5.3.md

**Attention: Please read this section carefully.**

#### Tyk OAS APIs are not backwards-compatible

This upgrade transitions Tyk OAS APIs out of [Early Access]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/using-early-access-features" >}}). 

> - **Out of Early access**

Author: ```suggestion
- **Not [backwards compatible]**
```

  - This means that from now on, all Tyk OAS APIs will be backwards compatible and in case of a downgrade from 5.3.X to 5.3.0, the Tyk OAS API definitions will always work.

> - **Not Backwards Compatible and Non-Reversible Change**

Reviewer: Could we use heading of **Backwards Compatibility**. The list items below mention that it is not backwards compatible and not reversible.

>   - Not [backwards compatible](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backward_compatibility#:~:text=Backward%20compatibility%20(sometimes%20known%20as,especially%20in%20telecommunications%20and%20computing.) means that the new Tyk OAS API format created by Tyk Gateway/Dashboard v5.3.X does not work with older versions of Tyk Gateway/Dashboard, i.e. you cannot export these API definitions from a v5.3.X Tyk Dashboard and import to an earlier version.

Author: ```suggestion
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backward_compatibility#:~:text=Backward%20compatibility%20(sometimes%20known%20as,especially%20in%20telecommunications%20and%20computing.) means that the new Tyk OAS API format created by Tyk Gateway/Dashboard v5.3.X does not work with older versions of Tyk Gateway/Dashboard, i.e. you cannot export these API definitions from a v5.3.X Tyk Dashboard and import to an earlier version.
```

  - The upgrade is not reversible i.e. you cannot use version 5.3.X Tyk OAS API definitions with an older Tyk Dashboard.
  - This means that in case you want or need to downgrade or revert to your previous version of Tyk, you will need to restore these API definitions from a backup. Please consult our guidance documentation for how to [backup Tyk APIs and Policies]({{ < ref "" >}})

>   - If you are not using Tyk OAS APIs Tyk will keep its backward compatibility standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you are not using Tyk OAS APIs, Tyk will maintain backward compatibility standards.
```

  - The upgrade is not reversible i.e. you cannot use version 5.3.X Tyk OAS API definitions with an older Tyk Dashboard.
  - This means that in case you want or need to downgrade or revert to your previous version of Tyk, you will need to restore these API definitions from a backup. Please consult our guidance documentation for how to [backup Tyk APIs and Policies]({{ < ref "" >}})
  - If you are not using Tyk OAS APIs Tyk will keep its backward compatibility standards.
- **Historic Tyk OAS API Definition Compatibility**
  - Tyk OAS API Definitions prior to v5.3.0 are not compatible with Tyk Gateway v5.3.X.
  - This means that any Tyk OAS APIs created in any previous release (4.1.0-5.2.x) cannot work with the new Tyk Dashboard without being migrated to the new format.

> - After upgrade: 

Reviewer: Is this a heading, e.g. **After Upgrade**

>   - MDCB users utilising Tyk OAS APIs **should wait for the release of MDCB v2.5** before upgrading Tyk Gateway and Dashboard to v5.3.0. This means Tyk OAS APIs will not be loaded with MDCB v2.4 or older.

Reviewer: Does this mean that the backward compatibility of 2.4.x in compatibility matrix table of release notes is incorrect?

Author: let's comment in the main pr

>   - MDCB users using Tyk OAS APIs, Tyk Dashboard 5.3.0 will only work with Tyk Gateway v5.3.0 and MDCB v2.5.X. Older versions of Tyk Gateway may not function correctly with v-5.3.0-compatible Tyk OAS API definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For MDCB users using Tyk OAS APIs, Tyk Dashboard 5.3.0 will only work with Tyk Gateway v5.3.0 and MDCB v2.5.X. Older versions of Tyk Gateway may not function correctly with v5.3.0 Tyk OAS API definitions.
```
